hey guys john here again back to try
answer some more questions after the
parallels or boot camp question the
biggest one I got was should I get a mac
or macbook pro I'm gonna try and shed
some light on that and help you
determine which one is right for you
first I go over the macbook and the pros
I'll go over the macbook pro and the
pros and then we'll discuss and cons and
what some differences are first the
macbook has portability going for it
comes in a very sleek thin 30-inch
package for the specs just go check out
apple.com comes in a choice of black or
white very hard plastic and it's
extremely durable laptop about reports
obviously you can't drop it but you can
throw it in a backpack it's great for
college students it's running the older
core 2 duo processor which is still
lightning fast and can hold a max of I
believe 3 gigabytes of RAM so the
macbook pro is a very capable computer
at comparable with a lot of the dells
and compare both a lot of the pcs now
what it doesn't have going for it is it
does not have a dedicated graphics
processor or GPU is the fancy top for
now what that means is it shares its ram
with the processor now that that's fine
for doing general things like web
browsing making some I movies listing
itunes and things like that what's not
good for is 3d stuff so if you're heavy
into games getting a macbook is probably
not the right choice if you're having 23
editing editing you use Final Cut Pro
and you need motion and all that stuff
the macbook probably isn't your best
choice it'll it'll work it'll be a
little bit slow and you might not have
the results that you want but on the
other hand if audio is your thing if you
spend most your time editing tracks
working GarageBand or every other audio
editing you have your need the GPU so
much and the macbook is a really great
way to go as a powerful computer
I almost got a macbook myself it really
is a good machine you can output to an
external monitor it can show I think up
to the apple cinema display 23 inch so
you're getting a really a really top
quality machine something that decay
take note of though is the the processor
and the GPU is really what sets it apart
from the macbook pro so there you go
that explains the macbook if you're not
doing heavy 3d stuff the macbooks great
way to go it's a little bit cheaper
you're still getting a very very very
powerful machine plus in my opinion the
black one looks really sleek now that
macbook pro on the other hand comes in
two choices of 15 inch or 17 inch so a
little bit bigger it's got a different
case as well it's the brushed aluminum
doesn't have the magnetic latch of the
macbook which I wish it did now but it
does have going for is the new core 2
duo chipset which is people are calling
Santa Rosa if you've heard that so what
that means is a little bit faster higher
front side bus and all that not not that
important it can have a max of 8
gigabytes of RAM so it can run a little
bit faster if they handle for you know
or any other combination you want to
throw at it it's got a backlit back
screen they all do but this one is LED
backlit little fancier term and the
screen is higher resolution than the
macbook so if you're going to use the
laptop displays your primary to spoil
you notice the difference if you look at
the two between the macbook pro and the
macbook if you're going to export to an
external monitor not such a big deal and
the macbook pro has its own dedicated
graphics processor there are two choices
to choose from both are very very very
good options they're both nvidia the
geforce 8600 GT graphics card you can
even get one with 128 megabytes or 256
megabytes of sdram and all that means is
that the dedicated ram for for your
video card so it's great for 3d
if 3ds your thing you need to use motion
and final cut pro on all that and need a
laptop really the macbook pro the only
way to go that extra convenience though
is also more expensive see really need
to weigh your way your cost benefit you
know know people are going to ask why
did i get the macbook pro instead of the
macbook and Gil I really didn't actually
have the best reason I wanted a computer
that I was sure was going to to last me
five years throw my interests and I was
starting to get into some video editing
I was starting to get into playing with
motion and final cut pro and i thought
i'm looking to buy a computer you know
every five years and i want to make sure
that the one I get can handle my
interest as they grow and I can see 3d
editing and stuff being part of what i
would like to do but if you're on the
other hand saying we got no interest in
3d all i want is a computer that can
browse the web playing my movies burn
dvds get me through college just sit on
my desk macbook it's a great way to go
and i probably would have been just as
happy had i purchased the macbook really
really is a solid solid machine so
anyway guys I hope this I hope has
helped clear up a little bit of
confusion for you guys anyway send me
questions and thanks for watching thank
you for subscribing and i think that's
it guys save me some questions talk to
you soon bye